> message("=== CAPYBARA ===")
=== CAPYBARA ===
> round(capybara::felm(form, data = d)$coefficients, 2)
function InferenceLM::InferenceLM took 348 nanoseconds
function CollinearityResult::CollinearityResult took 446 nanoseconds
function check_collinearity took 217292 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::setup took 1384480 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::FixedEffects took 1407705 nanoseconds
function DemeanParams::DemeanParams took 16064 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 21417 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26380 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17124 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26478 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14907 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23637 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 21069 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 33872 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13914 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34852 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13547 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17925 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11007 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24140 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12083 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17524 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10939 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17448 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12514 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28450 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16321 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26880 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14695 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28411 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15572 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26313 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14596 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27302 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15477 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27058 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14397 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27486 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15014 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27902 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14683 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26639 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15042 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27887 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14593 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27145 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14840 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28090 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14613 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26710 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15066 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28112 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14145 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28046 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14825 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29796 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14475 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26146 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1468108 nanoseconds
function fe took 1492168 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11408 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18055 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12164 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 21078 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13861 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30529 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13297 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28587 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14350 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30305 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13591 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28125 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14311 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29171 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13185 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28329 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14139 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31655 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13555 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28194 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14158 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29256 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13412 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28188 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14197 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29413 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13358 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28631 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14200 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28984 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13498 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28742 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14110 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29662 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13586 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28277 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13730 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30732 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14065 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27094 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14747 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29092 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13572 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 38893 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16402 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29234 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14326 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27307 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 20280 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29780 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16814 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28180 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1522091 nanoseconds
function fe took 1547735 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14577 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30965 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16495 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26428 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15107 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23277 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10977 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17506 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11390 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25831 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11955 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27424 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11568 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28335 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11012 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17412 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10953 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17454 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11217 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17317 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10925 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17376 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13256 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17753 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10894 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23071 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11339 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17352 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10965 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17272 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11257 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25294 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12430 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17694 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10936 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17431 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10860 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17406 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11207 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17292 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10946 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17322 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11190 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17364 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10823 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17401 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11196 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17356 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10849 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17253 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11176 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17316 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1151061 nanoseconds
function fe took 1177779 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 10971 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11113 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 45498 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 4302383 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 4304600 nanoseconds
function demean_variables took 5819496 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::setup took 1346673 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::FixedEffects took 1367061 nanoseconds
function DemeanParams::DemeanParams took 58387 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 21310 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23762 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 21969 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26688 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14469 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22334 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17100 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20357 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12351 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17375 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11910 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17495 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11930 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17408 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11892 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23639 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14704 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20929 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14540 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20882 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14111 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20669 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14043 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 21325 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13568 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19747 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14221 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24586 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13517 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30266 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16958 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29096 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16565 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28200 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14988 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28102 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11719 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30459 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12157 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27250 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1075409 nanoseconds
function fe took 1101124 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14256 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18369 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11942 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19219 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13877 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20276 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14248 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20407 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13947 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20189 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11572 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17227 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11477 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17285 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11828 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17279 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11546 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17243 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11935 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17323 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11454 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17283 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17439 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11456 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17254 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12036 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17261 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11946 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25519 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14498 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26097 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12916 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26324 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14720 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17414 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11008 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17246 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11109 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17251 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 891848 nanoseconds
function fe took 931511 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11451 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17323 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11203 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25097 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14159 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27169 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13738 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29910 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14848 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28833 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17223 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26747 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17661 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11438 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17823 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11194 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17672 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11409 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17865 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11244 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17732 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11406 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17777 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11220 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17679 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11368 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17745 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11232 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17768 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11374 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17852 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11300 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17685 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11464 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20358 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 28648 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17764 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11459 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17835 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 898132 nanoseconds
function fe took 922422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11333 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11443 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 46326 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 3039395 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 3041740 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11827 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18249 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12125 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17857 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11700 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17776 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12164 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17721 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11678 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17759 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12065 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17881 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11869 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17723 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12109 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 21044 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11689 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17875 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12089 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17886 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11829 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17721 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12042 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17828 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11777 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18521 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13200 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17777 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12097 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17919 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12065 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17961 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11819 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18084 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14925 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17835 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11748 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17912 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12334 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17766 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 866536 nanoseconds
function fe took 888037 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11735 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17820 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12193 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17885 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11792 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17704 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12294 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17748 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11777 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17748 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13197 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17750 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11842 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20629 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13332 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17855 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11798 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12059 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17716 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11902 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17885 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13414 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17758 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11783 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19544 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12354 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17756 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11665 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12232 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17742 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11710 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18391 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12147 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17811 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11919 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18021 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12949 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 858947 nanoseconds
function fe took 890978 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11544 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18457 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11586 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18089 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11268 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17908 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11471 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17834 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11341 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17809 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11503 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17813 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11453 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17796 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11496 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18055 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11298 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17846 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11516 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17818 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11262 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17776 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11489 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17771 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11372 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17721 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11475 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17797 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11256 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17773 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11535 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17773 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11189 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17781 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11506 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19259 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11297 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17842 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11437 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17822 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 808524 nanoseconds
function fe took 848105 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11343 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11462 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 45759 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 2707349 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 2710559 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11715 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18067 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13316 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17862 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11911 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24071 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14162 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20371 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11597 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17706 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11433 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17778 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11278 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17710 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11441 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11187 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17709 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11401 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17789 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11194 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17745 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17799 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11206 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17728 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11433 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17757 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11189 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17699 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11468 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11179 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17732 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11461 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17746 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11231 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17719 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11411 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17796 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11224 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17750 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14140 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 21052 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 909927 nanoseconds
function fe took 932840 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11708 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23158 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11194 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17992 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13999 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26597 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11098 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17795 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12019 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29770 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15372 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23412 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14185 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20763 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 32994 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31409 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18381 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 32706 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18561 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31015 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18259 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 32850 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17779 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27305 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15449 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 43221 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16730 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31451 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17717 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12663 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17758 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11314 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17694 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11370 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17847 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11438 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17747 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11437 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17794 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11180 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17740 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14347 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28284 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1173068 nanoseconds
function fe took 1207824 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11655 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17846 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11696 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18139 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11345 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17800 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11492 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17833 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11291 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17727 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11429 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17771 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11190 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17751 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11324 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17797 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13037 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17682 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11394 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22710 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14036 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19158 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11097 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17771 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11158 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17758 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17829 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11178 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17736 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11398 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17802 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11228 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17721 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11425 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17790 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11308 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17693 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11402 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17816 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11208 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17746 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11430 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17800 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 881998 nanoseconds
function fe took 913054 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11312 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11286 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 51528 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 3140783 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 3143139 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11791 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18176 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12587 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17913 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12091 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17781 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12396 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17795 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11916 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17752 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12079 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17767 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11968 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17735 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12295 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17817 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11922 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17707 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12099 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17770 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12106 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17745 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12332 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17787 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13101 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17687 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12296 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23571 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12412 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17695 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11389 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17879 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11274 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17700 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11380 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17834 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11229 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17723 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11447 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17785 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11172 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17766 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11378 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17792 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 927255 nanoseconds
function fe took 955438 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16952 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 23952 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15292 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19091 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15471 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22913 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14498 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22854 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13916 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22374 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 126126 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26386 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15050 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25658 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14301 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26432 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17293 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29228 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16886 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26436 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16529 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19666 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12685 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17849 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12523 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24192 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13718 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26163 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14093 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27164 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12973 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19672 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13664 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19993 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11249 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17851 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13290 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26609 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12614 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17928 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13560 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18169 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13581 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 21649 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1252619 nanoseconds
function fe took 1302145 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11549 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17868 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12242 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17966 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13845 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18011 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12273 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17930 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11664 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17691 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12020 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17831 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11661 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17761 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12067 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17825 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11801 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17736 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12008 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17914 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12021 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17736 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12298 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17821 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12143 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17892 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12189 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17779 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12007 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17904 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11994 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17764 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11739 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26131 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13510 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26459 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14828 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28269 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14674 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26319 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17111 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31149 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16113 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24966 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1028538 nanoseconds
function fe took 1072363 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15913 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15431 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 72314 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 3441694 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 3444160 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12679 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18830 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11498 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18439 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11393 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17916 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12046 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17802 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11283 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17776 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11483 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17814 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 13011 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22174 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11172 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27079 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12475 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 18623 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11164 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26604 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14140 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30185 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17191 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28917 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17420 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 33282 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18528 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 32749 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18686 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34354 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18341 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 32419 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 18313 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34209 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17834 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31453 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 999880 nanoseconds
function fe took 1033581 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17727 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30914 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16811 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28947 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15865 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 29151 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14641 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22451 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 24746 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16729 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22142 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14078 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28709 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11166 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 20636 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15422 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31210 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 12074 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 22495 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11295 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17652 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11461 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17805 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11197 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17664 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11416 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 25503 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11735 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26761 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11474 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 17887 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 11192 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 19768 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16103 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 26460 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 925800 nanoseconds
function fe took 959884 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15159 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28375 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15163 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27159 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 14993 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30857 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17780 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 30317 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15186 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 28786 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17167 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 36784 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 15007 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31264 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17607 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31718 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17067 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34783 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16837 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 27253 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 42561 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 36890 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17659 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 35562 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17706 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 36284 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 16579 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31077 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17311 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 31705 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17655 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34322 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17905 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 34583 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17282 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::accumulate took 42561 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_fe_coef_two took 1187698 nanoseconds
function fe took 1228833 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17821 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::broadcast took 17133 nanoseconds
function FixedEffects::compute_full_prediction took 70908 nanoseconds
function demean_accelerated took 3339684 nanoseconds
function demean_general took 3344244 nanoseconds
function demean_variables took 17444421 nanoseconds
function InferenceBeta::InferenceBeta took 294 nanoseconds
function BetaWorkspace::BetaWorkspace took 726 nanoseconds
function get_beta took 532266 nanoseconds
function AlphaWorkspace::AlphaWorkspace took 1546 nanoseconds
function get_alpha took 5122005 nanoseconds
function felm_fit took 30135841 nanoseconds
function InferenceLM::to_list took 135864 nanoseconds
log_dist     cntg     lang     clny      rta 
   -1.59    -0.43     0.40     0.84    -0.20 
> 